2016-04-29
most tweets about a consumer product company, like Apple, is about its products. most is not about its stock price prediction. so maybe
these companies are not good examples. Regarding these companies, stocktwit's data would be much more valuable.

2016-04-30
about 70% of all tweets data contains 'gold'.
remove tweets of the pattern "I've collected xxx gold coins..." ( ~ 50% in march!)
gold is still the largest tweet category. 
many tweets are not related to stock price predictions. however, if lucky, maybe I can still find some 'alpha' users by having a good set of 
key words for scoring tweets.

2016-05-01
consider testing 3.5 + 3.5 for a week; the first 3.5 days (Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, half Wednesday) as 1 data point, the latter 3.5 days as the other data point. this will increase the 
number of active users. this might amplify the signal. why 3.5d? weekends market is closed.

2016-05-02
for AAPL in March, most tweets are non-stock price related, but news/facts related. However, there are still some people expressing their
strong opinions about stock price movement, though only intermittently.

For the phase 1 findings, focus on these usesrs. 

With data from stocktwits, with many many more users comment on stock price movement, the accuracy and participation ratio should be much 
improved.

Regarding the time interval(for phase 1, it is chosen to be 1 day):
it is not the smaller the time interval, the better, for obvious reasion. (too noisy and no one bothers to predict the price change in the 
next mini-second)
it is not the larger the better either, for prediction purpose. no one cares to predict the stock price changes several years later.
however, it should be true that, the larger the time interview, but still within a month, the better the tweets would
reprecent the actual stock price change within the same period. 
As a result, it might be worth playing with the time interval. 
After all, the Google paper (using public mood for stock market prediction) shows a 3-day lag of price relative to prediction from tweets.

2016-05-03
More actions to try:
1. see how much data from stocktwits I can get.
2. learn and try deep learning for scoring tweets.
3. try different time interval, instead 1 day, 3.5 days and 1 week is worth trying.
4. instead of just up or down, if signal is strong enough, try predicting percentage change!

Elevator pitch 1.0:
Stock market is amazingly dynamic. Tranditional ways of finding signals based on economical indicators or public sentiment to predict 
stock price movement have shown little success. On the other hand, some people, though few, have way better understanding
of stock prices than machine. Many of these people post their opinions on their favorite stocks on the social media. So why not find them 
and only listen to what they say to predict stock price change?


